hello everyone and welcome to hot line
League episode 13 that's right lucky
number 13
we're now at 13 episodes it is February
12 2018 and there's so much to talk
about we're right on the heels of week
four of LCS pretty much no team came out
of there happy except for maybe three of
them and that we have Saint vicious on
the show for you he'll be joining us a
little bit after the start looking
forward to chatting with you guys and
having Europeans on the show Highline
League it starts now
hot line League is brought to you by
open by HP nope but Oh almost did it
almost executed it flawlessly we went to
the three panel an accident my bed how's
it going mark good did you leak Skype
info no no no it's just a empty window
we almost did it it's fine we're it's
only the second episode as we up the
production levels it's a we're getting I
don't expect it to be any better by the
20th don't worry yeah okay
very good well welcome everyone to hot
line League it is it is just past week
four and in the intro I said that I felt
like no teams I think there's only three
teams that came out of this past weekend
happy mark and I think that those teams
are golden Guardians clutch and echo fox
what do you think maybe Cena I knew
Wednesday's happy oh yeah yeah c9 wait
today the two oh yeah they did - okay
see you 9 is happy to see you nice happy
- so only four rooms four of the ten
teams are happy but how was LCS this
past weekend for you it was interesting
week it was the kind of the week of
upsets day one I went one in foreign
predictions which kind of sucked they
were fun games and then the second day
was also not like a ton of sets just a
couple you know going Guardians went
obviously and then I think a lot of
teams just looked like a lot seams
started to look better and then this was
like a come down week for a lot of them
where they just looked really bad yeah
yeah that's what's been kind of
interesting to me like week
was hard for me to handle from like a
coverage standpoint just because it felt
interesting about hard to talk about it
and that like okay cloud nine continues
to do well the TSM Steel G match which
everyone got hyped up about is there a
ghost in your room
no I'm suing my lights okay
blue one is slightly behind the black
backdrop so the light kind of gets you
know what it looks great okay yeah I
don't care but we had cloud nine which
were obviously they were doing well but
like that's not a particularly
interesting story I feel like the TSM
steel G match was hyped up like crazy
and then just sort of failed to deliver
it was interesting because like the
comps were cool and stuff but it failed
to deliver just because like neither
teams playing well so yeah you could see
a net gain yeah and even jet like echo
fox coming in with a 200 but even jet
was sort of saying like it doesn't feel
like they deserve this seven one you
know like it doesn't feel like this this
case I'll stir this line up is like
worthy of that yeah I don't deserve as
the right works they clearly you know
deserve it but it's like this doesn't
look like seven and one teams of the
past Wow sorry you guys enjoy that one
too yeah they will but yeah I mean it's
just an interesting time how was your
week overall though uh it's it's
stressful dude like I can't really take
a day off without it being of like a big
hit to my overall productivity yeah cuz
it's like I gotta do this show and then
I just did something today with or
anything I do the blame game I got
offline TV stuff never if I ever take
one day off between Monday and Wednesday
I like fall behind yeah and I make my
other days hell so like once again
Valentine's Day this week so Monday
Tuesday gonna be pretty busy
it's okay this show is gonna be great
it's gonna be the highlight of your week
mark I can already tell you the
enthusiasm and cheer that you're
bringing to this episode in particular
if this show is not entertaining I'm
gonna leave alright well I'm gonna take
a nap I love bed you know what Chad see
this bed right there so will are obvious
I will be in that bed for 30 minutes if
you don't keep me entertained yeah well
we'll see we'll see oh yeah no I mean it
was a good week for me too
I think the golden guard
when actually was super fun I mean
obviously have some friends that work
with that team but it was trying to just
get kind of depressing I think every
time those guys played if they've done
zero and eight it's like no good I like
there's a world here where I think we
were talking about this on last week's
episode with Kelby where they could have
gone they could have made history like
golden Golden State Warriors enters the
league and just makes history for not
winning a single game and so you're just
seeing sort of how happy those guys were
it's nice I mean I didn't think they
would go completely you know unjust
winless but this did it did happen
against the team I did not think he was
gonna happen again so that part's
interesting yeah and then also we have
the and we should say by the way for
those waiting for Saint fishes to come
on he's coming on in about ten minutes
or so so mark and I are just kind of
chatting about some of the big stories
this week to wait your guys's whistle
before you all join in and talk to st.
and the three of us about whatever you
want to talk about whether it's golden
Guardians win or whatever but the other
interesting news that made me pretty
high outside of the game Sunday is now
starting at 12:00 p.m. returning to the
original start tonight you're booing
that booing that really okay I think is
good like because the East Coast people
go to sleep at like midnight watching
this on a school night who cares about
people I care about me
okay so let's to wake up two hours
earlier now or never get up that early
really yeah I have to get eight wasn't
that what you did last year yes well I
guess not
it's not how I actually live my life I
heard about it like to the three mark I
feel like you know when you are usually
I'm like mr. optimism you're mr. daga
tivity on the show but I feel like this
week something bad happened right before
the start of the show do we need at I
don't think nothing bad happened I'm
just like you know I'm self-interested
yeah okay I know what bad happened I
went over to the offline TV house last
last night and they were doing like the
sorting hat stuff for Hogwarts yeah
standard situation yeah
so I was laughing cuz I was like haha
Willy got put into Hufflepuff and she's
like the most Hufflepuff person ever
yeah and then I get there and then I see
Chris has been put into Ravenclaw and
I'm like alright no fuckin way Chris is
ravenclaw and then I take the test I get
Hufflepuff and I'm like how the fuck am
i a Hufflepuff yeah so you know I'm just
bummed I guess I'm a Hufflepuff yeah
and as I've just been sitting with you
for the past week or the past day the 24
hours yeah I had a really rough night's
sleep tossing and torn yeah like is it
possible to be an analyst and a
Hufflepuff
yeah like I just those two seem what
would you say that you're a ravenclaw uh
I think I'd most likely be a ravenclaw
maybe a Slytherin I'm definitely not
Gryffindor yeah cuz Gryffindor is like
dumb people who are willing to put
themselves at risk for others and that's
not me
yeah that's me I think I think I got
placed in Gryffindor yeah cool in the
street or who in the scene do you think
would be a Slytherin he'll be probably
Aslam
Oh Kelly would definitely be a Slytherin
that's a great yeah I really appreciate
that
alright well ok getting back to legal
actions is there anything how about this
so far I've just brought up stuff and
you've been like man okay what happened
in League of Legends that you were
excited about this past weekend or this
past week what was good news for you
well I thought the the countdown was was
pretty good the last two weeks I think
people are starting to get we got our
first official appreciation thread on
reddit yeah is that the one about the
cat in the dark no so there was that one
and then there's just like any else just
count down his cool thread yeah the jazz
cat attacking the dog I think was one of
the best moments for me over this past
weekend yeah yeah yeah that was really
good but like the darts was funny guy
with the shirts was funny the dueling
draft segment people liked so I think I
think it's good that you know well part
of it I think is I mean the audience I
think is starting to realize the
difference in tone and the analyst test
before and so I think before you guys
did that beer or something some of this
other stuff people like this is in the
analyst test I know I think you're
probably starting to attract a lot of
new
fans with sort of the new way that
you're going about it which is is kind
of nice
yeah this kind what we expected to
happen we're like because I mean we said
we wanted the new analyst desk and we're
telling people but like that really
doesn't have mass market like you know
150,000 people on average are watching
on twitch 11 language how many people
those people read our little like
Twitter messages like we're gonna do
something different so you know is
slowly getting adopted and by the way
you guys did pick some bands going was
it only the one match or did I miss it
yeah that was the one match so we had on
hotline League a couple weeks ago when -
was on a caller called in said they
wanted to see that had nothing to gain
analysts as to picks and bans and was it
good hotline League influences the scene
changing the course of history Riot
Games realizes they've been doing
everything all wrong and you guys did
that yep okay thanks callers yes the
callers are this is a show in which the
colors this is a platform for them to
really impact the world that's why the
the description of this show says make
eSports history because wait that's the
description of the show for twitch all
right down today that's what I titled
the twitch stream making eSports history
oh I I didn't read it but now that I do
I finally like this is misleading the
other thing work come on keep it
together here
make it eSports history the other thing
that I like this we confirm the
broadcast was the special stream the old
stream with oh yeah awfully doublelift
Olli and bio for us did you get a chance
to see any of that yep so we can choose
which audio we listen to so whenever
there's a special stream we pretty much
always listen to that audio yeah in our
FPS so it was funny you know doublelift
obviously carried that stream but Olli
and oddly and Bifrost well really good -
I like bio Frost he was like a little
quiet but like he picked his spot so
when he when he came in it was usually
pretty funny yeah that's just I think
his sense of humor and who he exactly
the only thing like in this off for me
to be saying that's the only thing from
that alt stream was I kind of wish they
talked about the game a little more like
the only things they talked about it at
all
I think if I
be slightly critical lovely there were
points where she should have like kind
of redirected to like hey cuz like it
started off like a huge throw and like
they were all kind of like all right
fuck this game pretty understandably but
then like hooni started in ting and like
golden Guardians started coming back in
that game you know I feel like you know
they probably could have given that a
little bit more attention but whatever
yeah I think yeah I think it was overall
good time I know that she was really
excited to sort this is the first thing
she's done this on and the interview so
it was fun to see her host that and I'm
looking for this is there any chance
that you'll ever be able to get to
escape from me I almost asked to do
something like that pretty unlikely
that's too bad I mean there's a chance
like what we haven't talked about it and
there's enough other people on the staff
who will probably be good at those like
Kobe hasn't done one yet but like Kobe
would probably fucking great to do with
a bunch of other like junglers like get
along with like he's doing admit these
van won this weekend oh yeah so he he he
doesn't like bringing this up but people
keep bringing it up like he's bringing
it up but he beat akkadian in soloqueue
once oh really like like recently
because he's diamond won or something
he's obviously really good at the game
and he bumped into a Katie and like a
Katie and kind of shit on him but Kobe's
team won and so we keep jokingly
bringing it up like hey Kobe didn't you
beat a Katie you keep talking about that
oh really okay so we keep making it
sound like Kobe's bringing us so he's
watching this in the future they should
just be like not right now not all at
once because we don't want people to
know that it originally every don't want
Kobe you know it originally from the
show but they could just tweet
throughout the week like man I don't
understand why Kobe keeps bringing up
the fact that he beat acadian soloqueue
yeah it's like you move on one time okay
that's good I like that look at well
either way do you want to sort of circle
yeah I'm sure you have st. on skype nope
maybe well why don't we do this don't
don't Adam to Skype yet but if you want
to help him figure out how to get onto
both the discord and also you know let
me know when
you can drive them into Skype yeah I'm
recant to misguide now okay cool
in the meantime everyone as we get st.
in I do want to take a moment to have
just a quick chat about our sponsor omen
by HP you guys probably heard me talk
about them on the show last week they
are our first sponsor ever second
episode that they're sponsoring really
excited about it for those of you that
don't know or haven't you know you
probably start of see Owen pop up
recently because and they've only been a
brand in the gaming space for a couple
years but the impact that they're making
already is pretty impressive
you know besides there for instance in
the eSports base in the gaming space
specifically they're not a brand or a
company or line of computers that have
come in and just sort of bought banner
ads or whatever and ignored it they've
identified the eSports in competitive
gaming is sort of the future of the
video game space and so they they've
come in there supporting not just
leagues like overwatch League but also
serve grassroots projects like this show
so it's really neat that they are
backing content creators like ourself
and myself and Mark both of us are now
actually making money on the show for
the time we've been putting it to it
which is very generous of them to yeah
mark has not received his paycheck for
me but trust me I'm getting paid back
this is a little strange trip marks
money is on the way
come in yeah just grab get them in the
discarded then I'll I'll wrap the
conversation about this and then why
dumansky all right
and so basically it's really cool that
they're supporting the show they
actually hooked me up with not only is
Mark wearing my headset right now but
they also hooked myself and my editor up
with some gear so we can edit it's a
really great desktop computer they sent
along and actually streaming off of it
right now I use it to do a bunch of the
editing and work because I do really
enjoy it they did not tell me that I
have to say like I recommend this
computer or anything like that but I
actually want to say that because I've
really really enjoyed it even just
getting the computer one of the things I
mentioned this last week that I
I really enjoyed was I was able to
describe the hard drive out of my
previous one the custom-built one that I
had before this and there's a little
slot in the front of the PC that I could
just drop it in and aralia had access to
all of my data and everything so I don't
know I really like it if you guys want
to help the show out if you want to show
support for our sponsor the neat thing
is they're doing a giveaway right now
which I think I have the link for still
which I should have had before I'm gonna
grab it right now and put in the twitch
app but also if you are watching the
YouTube or the vaad or the podcast ring
like that just know that it will be in
the description on YouTube as well as
obviously in the twitch chat if you guys
are watching right now so you can go
ahead and hit that up they're giving
away some accessories that's running
through the next couple of days it was
from last week but still time to enter
you can do that there really helps out
the show and thank you so much to Ellen
by HP for supporting and sponsoring the
show really appreciate it all right here
we are now let's get a delicious on the
show I will switch to a different screen
this screen and I am having ready yeah
hello st. can you turn your webcam on
yeah let's say okay cool thanks everyone
for bearing with us as we figure out we
just have to switch everything over and
then we'll be good see me I see him the
chat does not see you but they will in
just a moment hey hey do you have plans
tonight right so we have to I know it's
like raining it's nobody wants to do
anything okay
yeah I just noticed that I heard it
raining outside it's funny
yeah it's raining pretty hard yeah it's
a little bit of rain in California
beautiful like all fuck yeah no changes
everything
yeah I was very confused cuz I I did not
actually I guess I didn't leave the
apartment today so I would not have
known that it was cloudy I literally
just started I went outside to pick up
my Chinese food
that's about all I did today did you
actually leave like no he came onto it
yeah it was really just to you at the
front door of the building yeah yeah I
was I had to fix up the three window
panel okay so we're now joined by st.
vicious is he on discord yes yes he's
talking to us to discord nice fantastic
seats how you been you've you've been
gone for the year so far all right
yeah from the public eye for LCS
purposes at least or not with a team we
haven't seen you on the LCS broadcast I
know you've been streaming but yeah
what's going on with you these days
kind of just chilling like to split off
cuz they didn't really get any of the
like I wanted to like work with like a
some of the higher up teams I whatever
for this split so I didn't really get
like the offers that I wanted from it
was most of them you know they already
have like Coach positions filled with
like Reaper D or song or somebody like
that so so I did take a split off and
then just kind of like hang out and I
like made some pretty good money on the
crypto mark
over the last couple of months finally
chillin on that I still have the bunny
from the crypto market cuz crypto yeah
having you back it had a bad 30 days no
I sold when it was pretty high like took
out like halfway like half of my thing
and then just hold held over the rest so
it's kind of like chilling and just
trying to see if I can do the streaming
thing like I like stop streaming for
like two years so it's like kind of hard
to like bring it back but see if I can
do that for split and if not I'll
probably just like go try to do like an
edition of her maybe work with the team
again or yeah I don't know just yeah I
want to keep coaching is that something
that's interesting for you
I like coaching but I don't know it's
like I just there's gonna sound mean but
I just don't want to work with like
lower tier teams again I just I just
can't do it okay so you say that but
there's a reddit thread last week of you
talking until you reached out to golden
Guardians who if you look at the right
now is the lowest tier team that's not
the coach I said I would do consulting
like I would help them find a coach and
I would like help them get back on their
feet and stuff like that like I didn't
want it hurts the team yeah very
specific about that yeah I think a lot
of people felt like you well at least
from the reddit thread because I wasn't
watching your stream that night was were
you were interested in coaching so it's
interesting so what would you just
charge them a big consulting fee to to
say here's cop he's a coach you should
hire him I'll catch you later
no even I mean I don't know on the topic
comp like I don't think cop is like the
big band-aid that would fix them anyways
the cop is a he's a good like pick/ban
coach and like he understands like the
meta very well but he's not like he's
not like a coach coach like a structural
coach in a sense yeah like he's he knows
the game but he's not like he needs to
be you need somebody with them that is
like a people person and that kid like
motivate people and like get them down
the right path and that's not really you
know how come he doesn't met Copley yeah
you know like I don't meet they don't
meet coffee like to him this guy's
turned my life around you know he's got
it all figured out yeah that's like damn
it cop are you throwing up again from
drinking
[Laughter]
that's bad not cops yeah yeah yeah not
to bad mouth cop no one here everyone
has nothing but respect for cop actually
he's my favorite person and personality
of the LCS huge fan huge fan yeah
without the same like obviously he could
help the team but he would need somebody
to like go along with them yeah so who I
mean we'll get into collars in just a
second I'm sure people want to talk
about this as well but who like how do
you find that other coach because as you
like I think most of the big coaches are
already hired up so maybe you throw a
cop in there to help out with the game
side but then how are you able to go out
there and find somebody who has that
ability to kind of like rally the troops
or even more generally like what like
you said you were gonna consult your
often you consulted them but like what
would be like some public advice you'd
be willing to give to golden Guardians
like what do you think they should do
how much does very much you charging for
that we said consulting fees here
there's no just general statements you
know what do you think is the issue yeah
like we do you agree with the whole na
approach or something like just I don't
know if you say what you want all right
I guess I can be brutally honest but I
think that just like their entire path
that they took from the offseason where
I'm not obviously the hiring envelope
edokko and then putting together the
full and a roster like all the players
on that that roster can work out on any
team I believe like I don't think that
any of those players are bad but putting
them all on the same team together it's
like who's your who is your firepower so
like you compare it to like a team like
TL that I worked with you know before
doublelift came in and then like we
brought in double live so like usually
when you're developing strategy as a
coach you you it's hard to like develop
a strategy if you don't have lanes that
are consistent that you can play through
so like let's say that we were on TL and
we had the pig layer like piglet he
would gain advantages but half the time
he'd just kill himself you know it would
that advantage so it's like this isn't
consistent so like how do we develop a
strategy around that but when double
hook came in like he consistently got
advantages and he knew how to play safe
around the advantage and you could like
count on him to get a lead and like have
the whole team play around it right so
it's like who is that player
on golden Guardians is it Laurel Oh like
Lo is a good player but he's like pretty
hit or miss you know if he's gonna like
carry the game in my opinion so I don't
think that they have like a very strong
like one-two punch kind of thing going
on like there's not like a hard carry
lane and there's not like a secondary
like backup lane so like let's say we're
on when I was working with Dignitas you
know our hard carry Lane was our duo
lane and then Keane was like the
facilitator like we just have them like
gain priority and then go and like help
that Lane out and you know set up the
dives and that kind of stuff so it's
like you can't really do that with the
roster that they picked up so I'm maybe
not for this split but like some pieces
would I feel like bringing on subs and
stuff like that or like looking for
other pieces to like put into that that
roster would help them out a lot and
then just for like this split I think
that they could do a lot of stuff with
their pick band I think their pick band
is one of the worst in the league if not
be worse just in the way that they do
things it's like very obvious how they
do their pick band does that include
this past weekend because it seemed like
last weekend they had the new coach
which might have thrown things uh you
know into a weird mix and then they had
look at oka before that do you think
also this weekend I don't know if you
watch their games the first game they
did like the same standardized pick ban
and then the second game that you just
tell they like pocket and they just you
know they did the they allow a pick and
like this is this one thing I hate when
you're judging like team strength and
all that is like imagine somebody pulled
that out in a bo3 they were just
instantly bandy allowing like the second
days and then it's like alright golden
Guardians now you gotta play a
straight-up like the fuck are you gonna
do you know and that's why I like I
think when measuring team strength and
like how how a team performs it's so
awful like a be a one cuz like you can
just come in with like cheese strategies
and things like that yeah
say your cat in the background yeah
that's my cat okay just play with the
toy do you coach the cat yeah I coach
the cat okay chill
very good so can't quite see what she's
just off camera yeah hitting he's not
quite sure yeah so just curiosity just a
curiosity for your interest in helping
golden Guardians did you was that born
out of the fact that you just
quite bluntly see like an opportunity
they're like okay here maybe I can do
some consulting with this team kind of
pick them up or is that because you like
those players like what what sort of led
you to reach out to them I mean it's a
two-part thing where a I want to develop
myself and like that kind of area where
I can do like more management type
things and you know also like working
like see if I can devote you know come
in and be a consultant I'm sure like
many teams could use a consultant like
just come in to like any team around the
world and just come in and help them and
try to fix their issues but also like
you know I work with Matt and Laura Lo
and you know I'm like known hi for a
long time and it's just is it kind of
sad to like see them just go down like
that and then I don't know I feel like I
feel like there's not gonna be any right
answers that the golden Guardian staff
is gonna be able to offer them so it's
like I see it's like I see all the
problems right in front of me and I
could just like come in and like
instantly fix them I feel like just for
the short term like not long term right
it's just like if things I can make them
like you know 15 20 30 % better it may
not be enough to like bring them
straight out of like the bottom tier
teams but it it'll make least make them
look like competitive you know yeah all
right mark you have any other thoughts
on this before we go into colors nope I
was just starting to wrangle people up
cool alright so for those of you
actually I guess mark he usually handled
us if you want to explain how it works
yeah I guess I'll do the work you're so
so much energy from you tonight work I
am just burnt I got a red ball yeah
you're like I don't have any free time
life sucks
anyway so I'm spending a couple puffs
you know we move on past that part yeah
so spamming a twitch chat right now the
link to the discord if you've never seen
the show the way this works you joined
the discord there's gonna be voice
channels and text channels I need you to
join one of the general voice channels
and then inside the text general Channel
host whatever thing you want to talk
about and we always encourage in the
show is give us takes don't just say
like I want to talk about golden
Guardians
I don't know what you want to talk about
there so tell me what exactly you think
I
think golden Guardian sucks I think
Saints wrong and those players shouldn't
even be in the LCS whatever it is you
want to talk about put it in there
give me the take not the question and
yeah I'll start pulling you guys from
your voice channel into the waiting room
I'll do a quick check make sure your
mikes all good and then we'll get you on
to talk with all and if you are a sub
feel free to chat in the sub chat we do
check that as well and it kind of gives
you a little bit of a better chance of
getting picked but no guarantees so
while mark is running off to grab
somebody else I'm just gonna read out
some some subs that hit up the show
ducking llama Thank You lagunas tier 3
sub thanks slient thank you for the
donation muffin it makes a Honda Honda
hub Rorick donkey punch dan is here for
three months
Christabel is here for three months Arie
Waddell marquee grabbing oh you're
looking for people now re model Jovi kid
trapper 78 opt SF antisepsis two months
of supporting one of the best of the
business should have done the sooner
thanks for they for both providing
constant quality content the best sense
PT L think with best wishes
all hail the bass god Lucas Brayfield
and liquid crusher thanks everyone for
the subs and Mark is filling up the
waiting room right now all right it
sounds like we need me to grab some it I
have enough people to start it's
grabbing them excited to see we're gonna
good what are you gonna do tonight st. I
just new blade board games
you're played seven wonders I have
played several owners is super good yeah
are you playing slay the spire
speaking of card games pick it up
you should it is like really addicting
really good and it's just very short
though
sure it's kind of short I mean it's an
early access but it's also pretty cheap
I liked the hearthstone version and this
is like I think a lot a lot easier Oh
slate aspire yeah I'll check it out Co
billing is on the show and pabelln you
you're a familiar name I'm trying to
remember where I've seen you before I
was on a couple weeks ago he's actually
I decided to go by Patrick oh yes
Patrick we were you the one that
suggested you said yeah
I sit on a on Twitter that you should
get seen on them yes that's why yes st.
this year because of papal circle yes
thank you so Patrick what do you want to
talk about in the show um I just like to
talk about how like League has evolved
in terms of like coaching over the years
obviously saint has experience in that
and also mark was an analyst for a
period of time so personally I think
that like there's a big difference
between like regular sports and League
in terms of just I guess like tenure and
experience and like that's obviously
because league's only been around for
eight years and for the first three
years there wasn't really even coaches
so I feel like over the past you know I
guess like four years we've seen
different coaching styles and like
different coaches kind of go in and out
right so we've seen TSM for instance
tried in season six to have Casey on
with charge as like the I guess like
analyst coach or like the the actual
like in game coach and that kind of
failed miserably but I think at the same
time like they they had a viable they
had like a good thought process right
like I feel like there is an issue
currently right now with the fact that
coaches like they there's no age gap
right and I'm not saying that they're
it's necessarily a necessity but I think
that if you look at some of the most
successful coaches and we they're people
who have been players before but at the
same time they've also you know they're
also significantly older than a lot of
the players like songs 28 and then at
the same time to like comas 32 and but
coma wasn't player hey I don't believe
but he has a lot of league experience I
just come later it was a player he's lck
okay I didn't I don't watch lck like
season 3 up until SKT started playing
but I watched leaks in season 1 he was
like season 1 season 2 a little bit and
I think he also played Starcraft a
little bit too but I just I guess my
point is I feel like you know the fact
that you know there isn't as much of an
age gap really creates kind of like a
discord in terms of disrespect
in terms of you know players kind of
like looking up to like the owners I
think that can be you know like created
through different means like for
instance Reginald isn't that much older
than a lot of the players but like he's
the owner so he you know obviously
demands a lot of respect because like if
players don't listen to him then he's
you know either gonna bench you or get
rid of you right so I just feel like
they're there definitely is a an issue
with the fact that a lot of you know
there's not really an age gap with a lot
of the players what do you guys think
well let's think go first specifically
being the determining factor it's like
I'm working a little that it's game
knowledge you know most I feel like most
people that coaches that come and don't
have a like a hard plan and don't really
have like mmm
put this okay let's say let's say like
me or logo don't go right let's say from
era I'm gonna like go off in a different
danger by way not this strategy thing so
let's say that's fun say me or like when
loco dope Gophers me when I first
started coaching at loco dope go like I
was super like kind of play around with
the players because I had just come up
with being a player myself and I like
treated the people I was coaching the
same way that I would was treating sort
of like the people that I was playing
with before you know where I'm like
joking around and you know I'm like how
are you rolling and all that kind of
stuff and you know it it just took me it
took me like a couple seasons even like
to break those habits and to get more
into where it's like alright we're
showing up and we're you know we're here
to do business you know granted like
I've always even when I'm joking around
I had that kind of mentality but it's
just I feel like it's not just the age
it's just if you come from that gaming
background and you know you're you know
you don't talk to people when you play
League of Legends or your online or
anything it's very nonchalant and like
very trollee right everybody's just
having fun and stuff so it's difficult
to like bring that kind of professional
atmosphere when you know I might even
see that person in soloqueue like an
hour later
like I might like Vitas lined up a boss
or some shit so it's like kind of it's
kind of difficult to have that happen
and then like in the regards like
locodoco like he's another example that
where I mean oh you guys all know loco
so I'm not gonna go like too far into it
but like his type of personality it's
just those types of personalities are
like it's difficult to to coach younger
players and even like players from
different you know ethnic backgrounds
like me coaching Koreans and things like
that like it's completely different the
level of respect they would show like a
Korean elder than that they showed like
me as an elder that makes sense
yeah I agree it's like it's not that
like kind of maturity comes with age but
age isn't the important part it's just
like like Sam was saying how do you have
the game knowledge and have the maturity
because most people who have that game
knowledge grew up in the scene to begin
with and it's like a gradual thing where
you have to become more mature now
like and I think like getting the game
knowledge if you don't come in as a
player is really hard like I I could not
ever have coached my whole first year or
like yet basically my first year I don't
think like I should have been a coach I
wasn't a coach I was an analyst because
like the level of game knowledge you
need is is really really highest like if
you come into the scene from the outside
not as a player you need to like learn
from the players for a long period of
time to know how they think about things
without one guy that came in with you
the Coleman yeah we need Roman back too
so uh fun backstory like when I got
hired there's another guy I got hired he
was supposed to be the coach and I was
supposed to be the analyst and then like
the guy just did nothing
he sat behind the players and just like
I ran all the meetings that literally
had nothing and then Steve was like dude
you have to do something so then like he
took over a scrim set where he was like
much more adamant about the pick bans
and what he wanted the players to do and
he made dominate take olaf get double
buffs and run Botley in level 3 - like
siege bot turret and dom was like this
is fucking stupid this is gonna go so
wrong
and then yeah sure enough dom does that
for a second the other jungler comes
down level 4 and just like they 3v3 and
they didn't die and like yeah you
instantly lose all players respect like
if you don't have the game knowledge you
just instantly lose their respect and he
was done after that it basically got
fired like a couple days later how do
you think it operated with like I guess
g2 like with Weldon last year because
apparently Weldon like actually had some
say in terms of like how things are
going on with games it's like I'm
curious like how that worked out cuz I I
believe Weldon clarified in a post that
the top that he was was like Platt for
something like that so I'm just like it
I think like it's interesting to see I
feel like it's hard to find a good
balance between like having a good game
knowledge and also having like maturity
/ coaching experience I feel like that's
like tough to some extent I I guess like
would you think that
it would be beneficial to invest in like
for an org to invest in like coaching
lessons or like classes or something for
like an older player who you know might
have liked the game knowledge but not
necessarily the coaching skills to be
able to coach like a team do you think
like that would work but well first it's
a Weldon point like he was a sports
psychologist background and then I don't
think anyone trusted him for like game
knowledge for a while like he by time he
was on g2 that was already what two
years yet I guess also being a part of
like multiple other teams like I think
you know people probably start trusting
a little bit more as time went on but it
wasn't like he started and people
instantly were like yeah tell me what
you think about this pic man I'm sure
they don't they don't care I also think
that like I mean I don't know personally
what he did on the team but in my
opinion like you have a bunch of senior
players on that team who have been
around for a while like nathie and I
guarantee you what he did was probably
just like facilitate discussion and then
like period what people said so I am
what would buck was this not what Bo
excuse me the young buck the actual
coach yeah so it's like you already have
that kind of senior level of knowledge
that's gonna be around and you can just
pretty much just be a facilitator for
discussions and that is what some teams
need some teams actually need that maybe
just as a way to wrap the discussion
there was a really night I can promote
this without being shameless because
it's on yahoo i make no money from it
but last year i did an interview with
parse who actually did it was kind of
interesting he broke down sort of the
three different aspects of coaching and
how he sees like when he was working
wealth welded the area that welded
brought versus what parth brought and
sort of the ways in which you want to
have like an ideal situation as you have
between all your staff like a way to
cover all three of these different
dynamics i think it was super
fascinating for me to hear about it I
think it's really similar to kind of
what Mark and Stan are talking about
where there's like the gameplay aspect
and then there's also the aspect where
you're facilitating discussion between
the players and making sure that those
guys know what they're doing and and
certain I think certain teams right now
have you know maybe the gameplay guy but
they don't have the other guy or
whatever so it'll be interesting to kind
of see how this stuff evolved over time
but thanks to my Patrick yeah no problem
also I forgot to ask you where you come
from Oh from Mason Ohio Mason Ohio well
keep pulling it down and Mason yeah I
will try good good luck absolutely
all right cool thank you to Patrick for
the first call on the show this week
memento mori has subbed epic acts kids
words has subbed at Yves Mahmoud has
subbed and raped fire subbed we've got
Kiwi mullet boy on the show
Kiwi mobile boy where he come from I'm
calling from Auckland New Zealand
Auckland New Zealand from New Zealand
what time is it there like five it's
almost 6:00 now okay very good
well what did you want to talk about on
the show I want to talk about how I
watched C nines games this weekend and
licorice looked insane for me at least
so like he was playing he played flared
into GP both games right yep yep and he
was up and see us both make up so I
don't I don't personally know the
matchup between Vlad and GP and how
that's meant to go and that but it just
looked really good how he was playing
any like managed to do it for the
maintain the pressure he had for the
most
the game and the team fights it okay
there's only just sorry don't mean to
cut you off but it's funny I was on the
cloud nine separate earlier today and
people are arguing that licorice is the
best top laner in LCS right well
Wow
so just real quick on the Vlad GP
matchup flashes shit on GP and the way
most people think about it is Vlad
should be having him pushed in CS lead
and threatening to kill him and like if
they get any help like a jungler dives
or top lane roam something like that you
should be killing the GP so game 1
against impact people think yeah that
was good game 2 versus flame actually
flame was winning that match up okay
yeah so he actually lost that match up a
second time and that's to my second
point so in the first game was its
Finn's Garen got an early gank that
really snowboard it so would you say it
was liquorice who won net lane or would
you say it was fence Karen who won that
thing well it was smoothie who roamed up
yeah yeah yeah well it's like you can
win the lane and your team should play
around you to like blow it open but in
the second game he was like losing out
on some trades and stuff so it's how
much your team can play around you and
which is why I don't know how st. feels
but I feel like CNI plays around him so
much in terms of draft they always get
him a winning match up I don't know if
I've seen liquorice play a losing
matchup and then when they get into game
the team roams up to him all the time
they do a lot of stuff to make sure he's
doing well and they play through him and
he plays everything correctly he does
the matchups well so it's hard to say
like you know this is not deserve
success in some way but it's like they
have a very clear game plan of what
they're doing with him yeah like he gets
more attention than any of the top
liners in the league outside of it I
mean yeah it probably is the most most
attention are all about pointers so like
obviously it is like a winning match up
that he's been getting to and yet he
does play well but the goal no I
wouldn't say that he's like the best top
laner in the league is like that's a
pretty big stretch and especially when
it's such a small sample size
like these are Bo ones and we've only
played you know wait what eight games or
something like that the day games eight
games right yeah yeah yeah so there's
only been eight games like that's that's
literally nothing so I don't know I want
to see how these I want to see his
players and Bo threes Bo fives and like
high intense matches and things like
that because last time I saw a licorice
and something like that was promotion
series and you did play decent I think
but you know I think when pressures on
people play a lot a lot different how do
you roll overall sorry
qu overall we're how do you guys think
licorice is doing throughout the split
so far I know we're only eight games in
best of ones but where do you think he
is because this was the guy that I asked
because everyone before like everybody's
basically shooting on cloud nine they're
like who's this licorice guy is this
even gonna work out but from talking the
other top laners at LCS they all seem to
respect him so I'm interested in marking
Saints opinion we used to spend them a
lot we were on Dignitas like when
licorice is on challenger and he was
like beat up on some days sometimes
usually in tank matchups never in carry
matchups like some day you could usually
body them in the carry matchups but like
I think he's good but I don't think that
I don't think he's like the top the top
of the food chain or even like that I
think that is reserved for like hooni
and in something they easily yeah what
do you think of gravity Honsou every
comes Malakai meta again yeah dude never
like Joe okay geez this is looking
oppressed over you how do you guys feel
about impacts performance as of late cuz
he had a break of the year last year
right
I don't know I want to see how much
probably one of his worst years I want
to see him one carries and I want to see
I just wanna see more at home I haven't
seen enough like impact it's like really
sweet sometimes he's like oh my like
what that he's his hard carry and
another times like hey what are you
doing it back he's like super squeaky
and though in the way that he is yeah
yeah I generally agree like I think he's
less stable than the other best tops and
I don't think he plays the carries quite
as well like alright and so to take him
from that sort of level to
the top top laner would see you would
want him to be playing really well in
pistol series is that what you would say
that's what it is player I mean I
personally like I watch maybe there's
just my opinion but I watch you know to
be a once all throughout this season and
I literally like don't take anything
from any of the games just like well
that was the best one all right
like see you next week guys good show
nice entertainment and it's like this
these games mean literally nothing when
the games actually mean stuff has
playoffs like I I've been through with
so many teams that just like smash and
like the regular season and I don't know
you guys remember gravity you know with
like Cain and all that and like the Bo
ones like they had really good records
and then when playoffs come when people
get to figure you out and when they like
really press like press you down hard
and like you're your champions and like
they figure out how you play like that
but imagine if like a team had like an
entire like 2-3 weeks to prepare for C&I
and they're like alright c9 like they
only played through top mostly they give
them so much help they develop like an
entire like strategy around countering
that like champions to counter that and
then then seems like oh fuck like they
got us
and then like you don't have enough time
to figure it out in the middle of that
series and then you just you're like
super transparent as a player and then
you just look like crap and that's just
how like it really is at the end of the
day ok copy that says that gravity got
TSM on steroids and playoffs yes TSM and
playoffs is always on steroids oh yeah
that's true
alright thank you so much Kiwi Malibu
for calling in yeah I was I want to see
you know and pick him something that's a
losing matchup and watch them not play
to him and just still look good so st.
if regular-season means nothing what
you're saying is cloud 9 and golden
Guardian so you might actually might be
the opposite of what we all think maybe
golden Guardians is the best team in the
league we don't know because the regular
season means nothing never know because
they ain't going to playoffs Oh
you gotta try a little bit more beads
something it means something because
there's a filter for playoffs na has
been saying about worlds yeah
the group-stage is a force yeah exactly
you know nothing matters until we
decided matters like rift rivals last
year where if travels didn't matter
until North America won it and then it
definitely mattered mattered more than
any other tournament we'd ever seen I
don't care what tournament it is that's
all I'll say
yeah alright looks like we got us
Williams is that how I'm pronouncing
your name or how she owes Williams that
words ask Williams I'm sorry that's
pronounced it it's such an easy name to
pronounce what where you calling from
I'm calling from Long Island right now
Long Island right now but later on you
might be calling from someplace else
it's a joke anyway what do you want to
talk about those feelings I want to talk
about a hundred beads I think everyone
was super hyped on this team and I think
people are ignoring how much could go
wrong with their roster okay well I mean
it seems like things are already going
wrong with them I'm glad you brought
this up because I think that there
definitely somebody to talk about but go
ahead and continue what were what are
you thinking Jane was talking about
before with you need to have a reliable
place to really get your leads from I
think they're really lacking that I
think someday could have been the guy
seemed average I don't know
I think Ryu was never gonna be that guy
last year here Cody some is a rookie
it's hype for that but he wasn't
actually maybe see and I think
everyone's talking about that from a
shotcalling ignoring how weird steel g
has been yeah yeah I just think
generally there's I don't see where
they're getting I think we're losing
every every fifth or sixth word that you
say OS claims but I think generally
speaking you're saying you feel like the
the hype isn't necessarily there for
their lineup if
go lane by Lane it feels like these guys
aren't alright they don't have the
all-stars yet I think they had the
veteran they had the veterans so they
had they got off to a good start early
but I think that I don't see this team I
see this team being object here long
time optics here long term okay it's
optics here a different tier than golden
Guardians tier all the Guardians trashed
here okay that's the breaks in your
microphone make it so funny alright so
so is okay the question here is how
strong is hundred thieves we're now past
week four they just had a zero two
weekend and as is the issue with them
that they're their lineup they've got
some veteran players but nobody that
really is has what it takes you know
similar to maybe what st. was saying
where's the star part who's gonna push
it forward or going Guardians they have
star power and they have like the talent
in the roster but I feel like the way
that that roster was put together is
they just plug together like every good
player they could find and they
dissipate probably out the ass for it
like alright go off and do it and then I
don't like personally you know this like
from firsthand experience but from what
I understand from talking like hearing
about people about probably is that he's
like a very good like off the bat coach
like teaching fundamentals but he's not
like he's not like advanced level coach
where it's like you're developing really
like intricate strategies and things
like that so I think that that's one of
the reasons why they look so good like
right off the bat and you know you also
have like a promote like as a built-in
shot caller like you have all your
pieces of your puzzle right there like
it's all together but it's not like the
prettiest looking puzzle at the end of
the day like some of the pieces that
like chewed up by your dog or some data
or your cat I was gonna put the seal
gfriend I still am but I feel like after
we shot calling it the most overhyped
girl it's just a great shot cause
there's nobody CLG games I've watched
where they have a lead and they just
it's not like what the house this season
looking yeah I was gonna say it is hard
it's hard to say afro shot calling isn't
great
ever and like overrated or whenever and
then you look at seal G now and it feels
like they're just messing any direction
yeah and there's supposed to be better I
think
CLG like darshan and who here pretty
vocal like and I think that a lot of
those pre 20-minute aces that were
happening when afuera was on the team
are still happening and it's like hmm
what are the consistent factors here
there have to a gross fuck solo laners
so darshan was flashing into nar with
Camille when NAR was it like 400 health
level two or something whatever that
play was like they play pretty aggro
regardless of afro and like you can hear
afros calms and some of the mic checks
and he's like very intelligently
explaining what's gonna happen like the
Baron contest where he was like this
guy's gonna do this
save your CC and kill him when he does
it like I think afro shotcalling isn't
really overrated I think it depends like
if people are saying he's like the
greatest ever in North America and the
only reason people win it's like alright
yeah no he's not that good but he is
here's a good shot caller one of the
best you can get
yeah any smart okay so yeah oh go ahead
thing I think that before you say what
media / out probably being a really good
early in a season coach I think he was
looking pretty rough cuz me oh sorry you
have both had a lot of motivation and
burnout issues and it probably doesn't
really have what it needs to get them to
that next level anywhere but down from
here because every other team is
improving getting the roster really well
integrated enough I can I try they have
other staff that they like I don't I
don't know who all zone on there but
like mmm I know like I mean I worked if
like you know someday in those kind of
players and I feel like as maybe it is
because it's be a one but I feel like as
the season goes on like those type of
players just like don't care as much I
guess until like it becomes like really
crunch time so that's what I see from
like Ryu and some day and those type of
players maybe like they will get it
together near the end of the split but I
think that now that we're sitting in the
middle the split and like they have like
a comfortable enough lead where they
don't have to be like worked to worry I
feel like they're I mean do you think
they have a comfortable enough lead
where they
to be a to worry about David probably I
mean no probably the playoffs I don't
see anymore yeah that's true I mean
that's after this weekend though you
know yeah I mean the weekend is against
with why quests and golden Guardians the
ones excuse I'm yeah maybe it is best
ones but I don't know I feel like they
probably just went into this week they
were like really cocky you know they
probably didn't try as hard as they
could have in scrims
they didn't develop like a good enough
strategy they're probably all we're
against golden Guardians like hahaha
like this'll be fun you know and then
they just got bit in the ass by it like
I've seen it happen like a million times
and it's it's be a one two on top of
that so somebody comes in and like
screws you like a with you know and
allowing the orange picker son like that
he's gonna buy you in the a super hard
because you're just you're not you're
not sharp and you're not ready two
things two things here last week we had
a caller that came in and predicted
hunter thieves downfall and said that
the players have a lot of burnout issues
on that team and he just thinks that
that one hundred thieves is gonna burn
out I think at the time we were very
skeptical of this but does it feel like
there's a potential here where these
guys are burning out I mean that's kind
of what st. I think you're saying right
is that some of the players are kind of
whatever like just gonna kick back and
relax a little bit yeah you can call it
burnout or whatever you want to call it
but I think that yeah there's riders are
they're just they have have lazier just
not trying to harness one you know it's
not there's a really crunch time I just
feel like that's how it is down yeah I
don't know if I'd call it burnout cuz
burnout to me is like I don't want to
even think about this game get me out of
here and this feels more like we've all
been to playoff so many times we've all
been to like big game moments that's
hard to get yourself up again which is
like the impact symptom where it's like
alright he's a beast and playoffs again
and what happened when he looked awful
in Week five yeah I think if this team
makes playoffs and it's not like a big
issue I think they'll bill they could
look a lot better
really quickly before we leave the
hundred thieves situation what if
everyone was wrong about echo fox
blowing up everybody's been waiting
waiting for that fuse to go echo foxes i
can blow up and hundred thieves is
actually blowing up behind the scenes
because in in an interview with probably
during week three he was talking about
how these players are all veterans they
all have their own idea on how it's
supposed to work and that kind of
getting them all to work together it's
been a bit of a challenge especially
because these guys were used to previous
teams and now you've got so it's not
that hard to imagine that happening and
I think if you watch the heist that went
up this past week there's a scene there
where like medius is really unhappy with
Polly's draft yeah it's like it's kind
of awkward and then like the assistant
coach or manager somebody's just trying
to get them to like move on from the
conversation about the draft and saying
like oh this isn't any one person's
fault or anything it feels to me like
hundred thieves is actually the team
that's blowing up and it was never gonna
echo Fox is not the one that's kind of
everything that's going the opposite of
what we expected yes laughing I'll say
meteos is the new dog breaking point
part two everyone get hyped all right
great great way to end the call thanks
usk Williams really appreciate their
call yeah happy going I think there was
one player I have actual concerns about
in terms of like burnout and stuff it
probably would be meteos just cuz like I
was always sketchy when they decided to
come back on it's a guy who's like
dipped in and out of the scene a couple
times since his C nine days and I I was
not super sold on that move I want to
believe that he was gonna be motivated
and ready to go but like that's easy to
think in the preseason and then like
when shit hits the fan and things aren't
going right you need to talk it out and
get on the same page with seven other
people potentially like I'm not I wasn't
convinced that meteos was quite ready
for that alright so I could see that
becoming an issue I don't think everyone
will have a burnout issue on that team
brainlessly analyst test mark this is a
new narrative and we had - on before we
were talking about how long is gonna
push this echo fox blow up narrative
it's now that's no one's pushing that
stop pushing it mark all you ever do is
talk about echovox well I'm so confused
like one in the preseason I never said
they were like gonna do well and then
blow up I thought that they were just
gonna be inconsistent oh I feel like the
countdown you guys call it the countdown
because you guys are counting down how
many
until echo fox blow-ups like that's
actually the low point of that show yeah
well after the first two weeks when
everyone was like memeing how good they
were yada yada yada we're like let's see
what happens when the first loss does
but like for now it looks great yeah but
we're not costly after every win like by
the way guys they still look good so get
ready to buy this four games still like
every win so good alright we just got
out of the CLG TSM game but how long
until echo fox blows up alright uh let's
see we've got I'm really that guy who
just subbed in Fig Newton 1177 who's up
thank you guys for the substrate see if
we can get to 400 sub points tonight
we're at 372 your help makes it happen
get this shit out of here we've got full
auto Hill here full on a hill clearly
you're calling from a hill but can you
tell us where the hill is located the
hill is located in San Diego California
hey my hometown I love San Diego I would
just move to you oh well it's great you
I want to move there when I retire if
you're on a hill you're probably in the
La Jolla area I'm not actually on a hill
oh this section yeah I lied to you
listen I bet that's terrible way to
start the show but or start the call but
what do you want to talk about so I want
first off I want to leave this I am a
TSM fan so sorry Chet I know everyone in
this chat hates TSM fence but that's ok
let's go I want to talk I want to talk
about how TSM obviously has a huge
problem with proactivity lack of it and
I think the main issue seems to be
stemming from bjergsen style of
shotcalling and how he plays a really
slow methodical controlled game and the
peter was actually the only source of
like aggressive shot calling on TSM but
now that he's off the team and they
actually brought on mithi who was
actually also shares
bjergsen same style slow shot calling so
I think that this team is probably
doomed to fail in international
unfortunately with all right we're at
TSM fan predicting TSM to fill
international
yeah I know what I'm not taking yeah III
didn't know he was I saw the get him off
the show barks Creed these collars on a
bit about I'm just good I'm just a
problem he's in sandy was a great guy
I'm happy to have him here even if
twitch s family and hang-up emote all
right so the question is that maybe we
can formulate this as is TSM's roster
but do you think that this roster here's
a question is is better or worse than
last year's colonial um it's hard to say
I think it was it might be slightly
better I do think that unfortunately
that the shotcalling that myth is
bringing isn't really adding much
interest like types of play styles they
can bring because if you look in
previous iterations of TSM they've
always had issues with early to mid-game
decision-making and I don't know if myth
is really bringing much of that to the
table whereas I definitely think that
doublelift was bringing a lot of that
when he was on TSM because back in 2016
I honestly feel like TSM looked like
they were the best possible iteration
that could have been successfully it's
successful internationally because they
were such a dominant early game team and
they were just stomping competition and
so with with that major voice gone now I
don't know if they're actually going to
be able to be successful internationally
okay so you think worse is what all that
amounts to I think that's fair to say
and comp and twitch I was spamming worse
so reformulating was caught this this
question
Satan work is it if you think it's early
enough can we say is TSM worse than they
were last year and is this roster not
going to be better than last year's I'd
say for now they're worse the roster is
really weird to me because okay like
remember one double if wasn't on TSM
before and then I remember they said
that like oncer had to pool like a lot
more weight in the shot calling and
stuff and you guys remember the meta
then was like all right on the the
Malachi or whatever and like push out
the side Lane and then I'm going
come in and I'm gonna start the play and
then we're gonna have the fight like
he's playing gangplank you know the hell
is it you're gonna like TP and like
shoot somebody with the GATS like it's
just you know like they can't bring that
voice in he can't fill that that hole
and I like but he was even talking to
Hunter about that this like after this
weekend like you could tell that I don't
know what it is but like mithy like
mickey should be the person that's
facilitating a lot of these plays like
Mickey and Mike young cuz like that's
where the positions of where plays get
made now and in the game and he's really
unlike qss first item WonderCon when
like you notice every every single other
like good recon player like gorillas
going zieks because Deeks gives you like
the most rundown power and like a lousy
be as explosive as possible like even
didn't like on tahm Kench when he didn't
need to like he's he's play he's
building scared and like you could tell
just by like I don't want to get caught
you know and then like I could lose the
game or like he could catch me out like
just do you can tell just by his item
builds without even like knowing
anything about the team they're like
that's that's not the person that's like
you know hitting the hammer like
starting the plays and like getting
things done if you're a billion like
that you're scared and you can't be
scared when it's like a 40-minute game
and you gotta like you got to make the
play to like get some shit done and then
Mike going Mike Young is he's still a
rookie in my eyes like I don't know he
did have his time on p1 but I don't
think that like did you look the
champions that he came from he was
playing like Nidalee and like all these
like big tide champions not like big
teamfight facilitators so when it's
really hard to like start a big
teamfight as just the tank and be the
primary engage in a big game cuz
literally everybody is waiting to like
either flash your ability or like you
know qss or like get out of it in some
way shape or form so it's not perfect
you literally instantly lose the game
there's a lot of junglers that you can
see that are trying to do it Akkadian is
like a prime example of that and you can
see like the Akkadian and Mike young
type junglers that are like really
fumbling this so I think there's TSM's
problem is is they don't have somebody
that can facilitate plays like this like
every single time and that's why they
look like they're choking and that they
don't know what to do because like is it
in the back of their mind like oh I'm
gonna fuck it up like that's why we
can't do anything so they just need to
fuck I think their coaching staff case
is going in like kind of like show like
when every single team that is really
quick
and strong about their plays are doing
and then just kind of like run it over
with the the people that are responsible
for it and like get them out of like
that they're like funk that they're in
I think Mickey and Mike young are
mechanically you know gifted enough to
do all this kind of stuff so it's
actually funny how similar this answers
the one that st. just gave that I gave
to Thorin earlier in the day when we
were talking about this kind of stuff
like I I agree there's like concert was
a huge part of like their engaging
previously like it wasn't bio frost it
was kind of spent and then it was like
concert on a lot of tanks and stuff back
when tanks for more meta and he is like
a pretty he's the most aggressive player
on TSM generally speaking like in terms
of laning and stuff as well so I I was
saying a similar thing where it's like
it sucks that they don't have hasta to
engage anymore he's just spamming GP and
they TSM has like really amazing gold
lead stats and stuff like that but when
you look at their games you're not like
you don't see them doing much to get
those leads it's mostly off the fact
that like they're all mechanically great
and then it's like they don't have the
ability either like the ability to sync
up on an execution or like the mindset
to look for it I'm not quite sure which
of the two it is but like with how with
the leaves that they get they should be
closing games out like c9 and Team
Liquid and echo Fox
yeah and that's definitely the point
that I was trying to make is they
definitely don't have that cohesion or
that that Drive like Peter definitely
seemed like he was the main voice in
making those aggressive shot callings
where they could dive bottom Lane and
make all this place and they could play
around him and I I definitely think
answers that been stepping up and is a
huge was a huge Rockford to you some and
I think he's and I don't even blink
blame Mike Young because he is newer and
I definitely think he's been improving a
lot recently I mean if you look at it
compared to week one he's actually
making the plays on on when he can and
in making the engages that he needs to
it's just yeah like just like st.
vigeous was saying it doesn't always
work out and then it can go really
really wrong really fast
great hey thank you full on a hill I
really appreciated mark the next caller
can you grab men berg I check with him
and see if it's working yes yeah thank
you for
all right so we got off on hon Chau is a
be launched a sub ran or TV subbed
diablo cg subbed obi-wan obi-wan kenobe
subbed arrow tempest the pit father and
killing you guy have all subbed see very
much how much did mang bung have to play
to hop the line Travis just so people in
chat know how much it costs yeah Fast
Pass man bong is a sub - in the sub chat
that he's saying with this but he
specifically really wanted to be the
person to counter that last call which
is why I asked him to hop the line so
man bug we have a different opinion on
all this what are your thoughts okay so
one I think Saints been trying to hit
this for the whole LCS I think best of
ones are the problem in judging team
strength or cohesion - I don't think
that bjergsen is like the problem I mean
it's really kind of hard to say that
bjergsen is the problem when he's been
on every team that's made it into the
finals and arguably has been one of the
strongest players in the world at his
position or in general on top of that I
just think that the it's gonna it's
gonna take more time because they should
have beaten echo fox there's no way they
should have lost a clutch gaming their
record is not who they think they who we
think they are to quote like NFL quotes
but when when you just look at the way
that they're playing they obviously have
cohesion problems but this is the best
of ones if you would have a
best-of-three system I think by now at
the same week we would have a better
idea about oh yeah song and TSM they're
getting all together and Mike Young's
got a really good hold of the jungle
pool now and however they are supposed
to work together and allocate resources
right there we go so what do you guys
think st. mmm you know it's funny about
via one like could you imagine if last
split was Bo one you remember how like
it was always a running joke or like
haha TSM lost the first game
the bo3 again yep and this is like
basically what it would look like you
know pretty much imagine if like what
their score would have been last lit if
there was be a one it probably looked
something similar to this right so but
do we think do we think TSM is losing
because they keep getting like cheesed
or screwed over in these best of ones
like there is it's it's all I wouldn't I
be like even you and lastly wasn't like
people like game one we're like here's
all these ridiculous things that word
and then they would adapt it was like
they just generally speaking seem to be
like a slow starting team in game ones
like or whatever like they've never been
like like unbelievable story teams are
weird in the bo3 like that cuz I even
Dignitas week we don't always win yeah
like that I'd looked at it's like 87%
win rate or something on a bo3 like on
the first game and then we like have
like an 80% loss rate on the second game
it's like we're gonna lose that every
time man it doesn't matter how well we
prepare them so it's like some players
just play a lot better in the first game
and some players may play there at the
SEC game it's weird some players need to
be like warmed up maybe like get some of
the TSM players are like that and then
yeah so it's it's kind of weird to like
try to gauge like player strength in it
in a bl1 setting no problem
for saying about best of ones so like
when the best-of-three change came
through to the regular season I was
really excited cuz I was like great
hopefully they get rid of it world's too
and stuff but they never did and it
doesn't seem like they're going to so if
Worlds is gonna have best of ones do you
feel are you more all right with best
ones existing in the league format as
well or do you just wish like even with
best of ones in worlds you would still
want best of three in the league system
sound like the knockout stage I think be
a wonder fine it's just I don't know
it's just a different it's a different
game it's like a dip like it's not like
one's better or worse than the other
it's just like each has its pros and
cons in my opinion okay but I kind of
getting back to what menbung was saying
so I really quick my bum no you're good
man
is TSM getting screwed over by best of
ones are they just the innocent victim
team cast by a cool system a best of one
system it doesn't allow them to show
their true power I think they're bad
best of one team and it's just well I
would guess they're bad best ones that's
hard to say because we haven't seen this
roster play elsewhere yet but it seems
like TSM has had best of one struggles
pretty consistently
so is that riots fall or TSM's fall why
would it be your heads full well I mean
here the question with the reason I'm
formulating it this way is because I
think there are TSM fans
menbung probably being one of them that
think like oh my TSM why this right have
to be so cruel I change the nose okay
that's not okay this is my biggest thing
is that best of ones cause reddit tear
analysis across the board to where we
just have instant reactions and Oh cg b
TSM there for clutch gaming is better
than TSM and it's like no I mean I'm
from Houston Texas I love clutch but
there's no way I can look at them on
paper and think that oh my god if only
TSM was playing best of threes like the
caller before said that last year's
iteration in best of threes was the best
you know TSM that he's seen but they
still struggled in Game one of best of
threes you know and I don't enough
correct me if I'm wrong either what any
of y'all but I don't think songs ever
coached in best of ones outside of
Worlds knockout stage for mortals or
previously when he was in Korea so like
I'm not trying to say that Oh TSM what
was us like yeah y'all need to get your
game together because this is what we
deal with every team is dealing with
best of ones but to have this oh it's
Burks and oh you know no all mithi and
it's just give them some time cuz like
again it's technically like a best-of
one round robin and we'll find out at
the end I just I think like Saint said
like if it was best of ones last year
TSM probably doesn't even make playoffs
so the little overreaction from the
community and especially some people on
the TSM subreddit there's a little bit
overblown I still think because I called
in two weeks ago and said week four will
find out TSM is good enough and I think
we're at the place where we still think
that they're pretty good you're saying
you still think they were pretty good
after this weekend
yeah I think I think that you definitely
you can see it in clutch gaming dan they
didn't secure objectives correctly in an
in the echo fox game weeks ago that they
did one over died and it through the
rest of the game are you let me ask you
this man bung so you don't yeah it's
like yeah this is a may be a symptom of
best of ones but doesn't think does it
raise any red flags for you that's like
when TSM inevitably rallies and wins
display again and all that stuff and
goes international competition are you
not at all concerned about oh no
definitely a concern I think that's wide
like it's not it's not something to wear
well st. just left I'm sorry yeah I
think that it's it's a symptom of TSM so
it's definitely not like song or
anything in particular but like best of
ones have always been a TSM problem so I
don't know if you want to put that on
what's coming down from the top at
Reggie not to thrill you know daggers at
the man but that there's something
inherent within TSM and how they run or
read the meta within their staff that
doesn't allow them to shine and best of
ones so going towards international
events as a TSM fan you would be
ignorant to think that oh well we won
the split so we're gonna do great at
international events it's like well
international events are best of ones so
good luck alright so you're not saying
that the system is screwing over CSM
you're just saying you know stop looking
at burek and everybody it's just Travis
I got a question member so there's a
consistent problem with TSM and best of
ones and you don't want to throw daggers
at Reggie who do you throw it to hackers
that there's not that many consistent
players across the splits I didn't I
mean like obviously he's probably the
consistent figure throughout all than
even pre Buicks and now granted those
best ones are a little bit different and
the quality of the league seen was a
whole lot different the teams weren't
necessarily as good or probably read
metas as well but I just think that
going from especially for TSM fans are
especially the ones who like our anti
TSM fans like love to see TSM blue
that this best of one like reddit to
your analysis overreaction is just a
little bit too much so I just think Oh
tilted head mark gotcha okay you want to
come in on that chime in no I'm just
saying this is a lot of wordplay to get
around saying Bjork since the consistent
member well no okay so like but if
that's what the whole premise is a burek
sentence the consistent number I'm just
I'm just I'm just mostly fucking with
you dude like your since the problem
yeah basically the one consistent thing
and maybe you guys don't agree with me
on this but I like pretty strong
opinionated about this but the one
consistent thing at TSM and one of the
reasons why they succeeded so much
throughout the years and the difference
is that Reddy's probably not coaching
the team right now and guess what
happens at the end of every split as it
goes into playoffs
like Reggie starts coaching the team and
I don't give a fuck baby but he's
probably the best coach in like na like
easily like bet in the song better than
any of those people and like he's gonna
come in he's gonna get the shit together
and he's gonna get people playing
aggressive and he's like very aggressive
in like the way that he makes plans in
the game and getting stuff done and I
think that that's just really what's
happening right now and then and it's
gonna come to the end of the split like
near playoffs like week eight week nine
Reggie's in like alright song like you
had your chance like get your top Mike
Young to play sejuani good job and he's
gonna come and he's gonna get the shit
together and then they're just gonna
come in and take like a fat dumpster and
like TL or like whoever they got to go
against and that's just they're just I
was it's gonna happen sounds Evans they
could I just reframe the the kind of
picture is it the same thing that we
y'all talked about two weeks ago with
CLG how there's no alphas on the team
hate when we talk but that kind of gets
down to what st. session saying is that
well look it rather than saying real
alphas maybe there's not any strong
leadership or strong vision someone that
takes control which I guess was the
callers you know point about having
double lift but at the same time you
know that it's like oh yeah the example
right so when we worked at Dignitas
I'll give you a so basically you know
you were talking before about hundred
thieves and it's like all these players
like have their different views of like
how to do everything you know we
basically came to the end of the split
it's like alright someday we're first
picking you maokai every fucking game
he's like but I don't want to play
market that's nice like your maokai and
like we're only we're a we're playing
through bot lane only like it's shrimp
you can gank top one time that's all you
get then you're only going bottom you
know like we pretty much set up like the
whole strategy for the game and it's
like this is the game plan and that's
what we're gonna do it has nothing to do
with being a Chad or being like whatever
it's about you go into the game in this
like it you get everybody's ideas
together and you push them together in
like one direction it doesn't mean that
one way is right or wrong it's just that
everybody is on the same page doing the
same thing like that's all that matters
and and an example from this split would
probably be c9 we're like traditionally
c9 ganks mid and they play around mid
and all this stuff mid and like spend
when he joins C and I was like I'm
looking forward to being aggressive
again and some stuff and some interviews
and it's like well now he's playing
sejuani skarner every game and
everyone's going top it's like maybe
that's not how everyone on the team
wants to play that game but I bet Reaper
is like this is what we're dealing with
liquorice deal with it is that you think
that sneaky wants to play alright sneaky
you're getting no ganks we're going top
is like nice I love no games you know
yes rial for him with Q yes like nobody
wants to do that shit like cuz
somebody's gonna get shafted that's how
like Pro League is somebody's gonna get
the short in the stick do you think
sneaky gives a fuck he's making like God
knows how much money streaming like haha
my butthole itches wait doesn't care
that's why it's like great that licorice
can look good and like they can play
with that late you know it's all good
like it just doesn't matter what your
playstyle is what Lane you go through is
that you develop a strategy to go
through like you need like a one light
one primary laning you need like a
secondary late it so like for c9 for
secondary lane is like mid and their
primary latest top so well then if your
primary need to cut you off but we we
have listen half higher we got some
scars to go through thank you so much
for calling it calling it and provide
different opinion well I think you know
what you want to do for your highlight
right Travis let me know as soon as
people start talking about TSM I was
like well that's what we do we only talk
about TSM for money make sure you get
one TSM topic of the week so that we can
make that highlight video I mean the sad
thing is is I make a highlight video
about golden Guardians nobody's gonna
watch it and those highlight videos are
more about getting people to become
aware of the podcast on the show and so
it's it's almost more of an advertising
thing less of them anything I just like
it when people know about the show
because that's part likely saying also
dropped probably the funniest kid
good job saying alright let's grab
another caller in the meantime we had a
bunch of people that hooked us up arrow
tempest subbed for two months of the pit
father killing you guy super ordinary OB
pone Kenobi 22,000 bits and says to help
pay with the doublelift appearance fees
and interviews and then he also donated
a thousand bits and said this is for
mark for having a deal with the curse
days I am a fan but feels bad man for
those days they weren't that bad st. was
there making it alright yeah alright we
got loud visible ninja on the show where
he called from live visible ninja
I'm calling from Texas Lubbock in
University very cool well what do you
want to talk about in the show I
wouldn't talk about in it na LCS work
ethic
I heard saying vicious talk about this
you know I will dominate stream okay
okay so this is what I want to talk
about I think in a work ethic is pre
shit like you don't see any of the sole
key players like pop the ladder another
thing is if you watch any of the top
laners play gangplank compared to lck is
a huge difference like the like some
example for like the length of the
barrel like I'm watching licorice play
game clinking it was actually hurting my
eyes like he was gonna put the barrel so
close together and like even the cue
timing another example about in the work
ethic here is a
well what was the other thing that I
remember I pulled you in now that you
mention it about you said what was the
specific thing that you said you saw in
Dom stream that they were talking about
just so sink and maybe well thing was
talking about that he thought basically
oh yeah he said exactly uh that they
were just collecting paychecks I don't
okay that's been a little brash about it
wait st. you just said all the players
and they are just collecting paychecks
it's be a one it's in the middle of the
season like I feel like just nobody
gives a shit to the level that they
could it's not the same players that
like when they're in playoff mode it's
just not yeah yeah it's like that's why
you don't see people like climbing up
the ladder spamming the hell out of
games what you what you'll probably see
is like alright
I played my scrim games today time to
put in my mandatory three games after
the scrims and then I'm gonna go to the
gym and talk to my girlfriend you know
it's like it's not it's just not the
same and when people are in playoff mode
it's like alright I'm staying up all
fucking night and I'm gonna like grind
out these games I want to be the best
damn GP you are seeing and they're gonna
there's gonna go ham they're gonna go
really have I mean I hear some of the
teams are triple blocking already and
taking and working and screaming
Monday's - I don't think liking is OK do
you think the bomb - the bomb care teams
are also have like that same mentality
or that just like that talk to your team
okay I sure the bottom tier teams are
grinding just as hard like just the
amount of time you put into the game
it's not always like doesn't always reap
results and benefits like you need to I
think they like you say like triple
blocking right like I think this is my
personal opinion but I think that triple
blocking is not as good because
sometimes you need like a solo
environment where you can like have
goals set for yourself or like somebody
helps you with goals and you can go into
the solo queue environment and you can
like actually practice champions that
you wouldn't normally practice or
whatever
like you're not always gonna get
gangplank it's always gonna be banned or
you know you're not gonna get to
practice certain champions like let's
say a low E right like where do you
think Laurel Oh parts that allow him
like master didn't stuff do you think it
was an Escrima environment I'm sure he's
played in its cribs but he got good at
that champion because he played it in
soloqueue probably streaming you know
same thing with sneaky like sneaky
streams a lot of games after his screams
and he gets to play a lot of different
champions and like hone those champions
and make them better and I'm sure like
he is trolling on stream but he is like
practicing and trying to like get better
and like the different champions all
that and like have like a wide variety
of things that you can pull out and yeah
I think that well just not a lot of
people are pounding out the games right
now like they normally would not just my
opinion I also think I've talked to some
coaches about the triple block thing and
it's it's like the amount of focus that
you want in a scrim block is pretty high
and like expecting people to maintain
that level of focus over the course of
what is probably then like 10 hours of
scrims
like over the course of the day with a
couple breaks in between it's like it's
not really reasonable to expect them to
keep that level of focus and soloqueue
is a nice way to keep practicing the
game while not needing the level of
mental engagement that like you're
asking for of a scrim and I know a
couple high like high placing teams who
were doing triple blocks towards the end
of like last season some of the people
talking like yeah those were like
borderline a waste because like we were
just so tired at that point that like
we're going through the motions that was
screaming if you're doing that in a
scrim there's no point to doing it as a
scrim but it just fly in the face of
that they're just collecting paychecks
comment that Saint made which I love
they don't want to they don't want to
burn out like there is burn out like if
you have to if you are triple blocking
at this point in the split
you're gonna mentally you're gonna
fatigue really fast and then when it
does come to crunch time you're not
gonna be able to do it like you can't
it's hard to like keep that level of
focus you know four to two and half
months where you're just pounding out
the game over and over and over again
and like making sure you have peak level
focus even in your solo queue games so I
think that a lot of we're good players
are developed is actually in solo queue
like I think crown is a good example of
that
you know lck player you notice like last
year people always say they're like well
this guy is just ranked one like all
year and like destroying number one like
faker was destroying like soup are like
well fakers just ranked 1 always
like there is something that goes
hand-in-hand being in the Korean ladder
in being like top tier being like a
top-ranked player cuz they're ladder is
no joke like you have to be good to like
it up on that I think okay let's say
it's done topless right some topless
went over anyway and he climbed up
really high in that ladder he's like
come back on fly quiz he's actually
playing you know pretty well about like
a lot better than he played and all the
different teams that he played before
and that's why I think that putting in
that like high-level focus in so in the
solo queue environment and like actually
having things to work towards are really
important and I think that just not it
you can tell like I doubt like even half
the LCS is doing that right now because
it's to be able in environment and I
think that as it comes towards playoff
time it's gonna be you know a way
different thing and people gonna be
trying a lot harder
alright so do you think in a play let's
just wrap this up well visible ninja was
essentially saying any players are lazy
and using a quote of yours to sort of
back up that argument do you think any
players are lazy I don't think anybody
no lazy but I think they don't put the
time and effort and not even that night
cuz like I know time and like how
focused you are like I'm trying to get
better is like another thing and like
the lck for example or like you know the
region like opl so sorry you're so
you're saying they're not lazy if
they're just not putting as much work
yeah okay and is that mark Saint Saint
talked about this will it mark to you
how do you agree with that um this is a
more complicated answer than that I'd
want to give right now what so we get
nothing well I think like undara I've
always said that I don't think North
America gins generally speaking so but
like it's it's not like it's a different
environment too so I don't know it's
like what to tell you yeah alright well
depressing depressing way to end this
but thank you so much for calling in
loud visible nation thank you for giving
me the quote they're just picking up
paychecks cuz that's a really yeah thank
you no problem
alright we got a couple more colors in
the next 18 or so minutes thank you to
corona MK for $10 this is nobody
boozled lagunas who says dirty $10 to
send ven and mithi back to you
Oh think it's I don't think it's gonna
cover the cost of the tickets this
island I give to the sub the same
vicious congratulations saint vicious on
becoming an official sub you can now use
a picture of mark on your stream and OB
pone Kenobi donated $1,000 a thousand
bits I wish thousand one thousand bits I
said these bits are for when st. had
hair and support cop for like two weeks
of glory bad speak you might need to
turn them up bad speak where you call
from I'm from Merced California from
where in California Central Valley
ok Central Valley California and yeah I
turned you up as much as I can but if
you can if you can just get a little
closer to the mic or whatever they'll be
helping ok what do you want to talk
about um so due to the NA LCS
franchising do you think there should be
a na LCS Hall of Fame an na LCS
Hall of Fame yeah like the NFL has the
Hall of Fame yeah I would say no and
celcius existed for 10 years I don't
know if I would say that it would happen
you know just because this year we
franchised but I like the idea of
celebrating players who had really great
accomplishments I think the problem is
and I don't know what mark and Saint
think about this is that if you look
back at some of the common
accomplishments of previous players and
na LCS it feels kind of different now
are strange I don't know like it's hard
to imagine hotshot or Reggie who are now
like running teams or whatever getting
ignition into the League of Legends
na LCS Hall of Fame right now or in the
next couple of years I don't know I
think you're gonna put me in and I just
like alright I will still be the guy who
got remembered for missing spike you
know can we put you in the whole thing
for missing smite you know seeing that
you missed Mike Young stake in the
honorary mental okay I passed it on to
him
I don't know mark so Saint is jaded
about the idea of Hall of Fame's but
mark you've always been more the sports
guy what do you think of the Hall of
Fame idea I always liked the idea but I
feel like a lot of leagues have all
these like weird rules about it like
some people like you never get in on
your place I think maybe it's baseball
it has like you never get in on your
first one like your first ballot or
whatever like and then there's a lot of
politics that go into it and stuff and
then the metrics are always really
poorly defined and then you risk like
watering it down so like I think Hall of
Fame's really nice idea but is rarely
like done well yeah and so I don't like
at this point in in the history of
League of Legends it'd be really hard to
make one right now and ignore like
people like Saint and Reggie and hotshot
and Gigi and you know like a lot of
those guys but the other problem is that
a lot of the viewers weren't watching
when those guys were playing like right
I mean yeah there's a been actually a
huge amount of turnover in viewership to
the point where like a lot of people
don't know a lot of league's competitive
history and then yeah in 20 years when
like if this is also around in 20 years
like why do people who played at the top
level for only two years are in this
league now when maybe some guys like
have played for 10 like it just makes it
I don't know it's really weird in such a
new industry like thinking about a topic
was because the turnover rate for
clothes is actually so it's so quick
because some players they do really well
they play really well and then they just
fall off hard and then they were placed
and then they never get a chance to play
again they only get like a split or a
couple games and so I was like thinking
how would you say oh how would you try
to put them in you'd have to say you
have to be fair and say okay maybe a
split at least well I think for how long
I think you would want to celebrate the
guys that have been around
or that competed that competed for many
years right I mean well let's let's say
okay it's calary trolls he played League
for a year had to go to medical school
he was great but he's not playing
anymore because he's going to medical
school I don't think anybody would even
like put him on a ballot yeah I don't
think Elliot roles goals on the ballot
somebody who was playing he played for a
year but it's not playing because he's
going to school
oh maybe anybody like that though yeah I
mean like I probably have to think daya
is odd one hotshot Oh Reggie copper
cutie pie and probably chowster copper
cutie pie who which one would you pit in
the East Sports Hall of Fame Saint
copper cutie pie he's had the most
supports
in like LCS history yeah in one split
that's how we'd celebrate him known for
his high support turnover copied chat
says me so comic raised with the idea
that it would be him that would be on
there so there we go thank you bath
speak we have to move along quickly
because we got a couple more people but
whenever we inevitably the LCS Hall of
Fame opens up we agree that the first
one that gets initiated will be cop I
will say if North America does do a Hall
of Fame I hope they just like they don't
fucking take it serious at all like what
are we celebrating here anyways to be
honest North America used to win stuff
back in my days before the Koreans had a
server we won versus Koreans WCG yeah
they did oh yeah like when loco and
maknoon and all them we're all in a wee
bite against them and we beat TPA to win
that tournament aw
so just put everyone on that team in
there for sure if only we just had
Canadians like that was that was it cos
C de was the Canadian team right oh wait
no you were on it now Hotch I was
Canadian who was yeah what was the name
on the Canadians yeah the ones I got no
mister
there there the losers okay all right so
that's the problem
any LCS has too many Canadians get rid
of the Canadians really quickly as we're
getting the next group of people in
Dragon IRA subbed scatman 86 subbed the
NAC NAC L is real lagunas donated $10
again donate another $10 and said how
much to send them spend in math evac
economy class well we're at $20 so far
so we'll see and finally dirty skis
subbed as well we got stalker best
talkin is bit-beasts
stalker be stalking is great where you
calling from stalker Southern California
County Orange County go see ya what do
you want I will uh I'm here to talk
about how like all of the new LCS
franchise and even the old finish the
LCS franchise its flesh to fly quest for
instance their YouTube channels and
they're actually YouTube content and
their effort to build a fanbase on
YouTube is just so lackluster it's just
seems like it's flopping yeah and it's
really hard to be a fan of like echo fox
if the only way I can engage with the
team is when dard extremes once a month
so I'm pretty sure that echo fox I think
has an exclusive deal with Facebook and
so all their content goes to Facebook
really yes I'm pretty sure that's the
reason why I I'm not sure don't but I
know that they had some deal with with
Facebook and that they were doing stuff
over there and I know that a lot of
their content goes to their Facebook
page that they produce so that might be
what's going on in there looking at the
fly quest YouTube page it looks like
they're posting something once a week
yeah they're there they're posting stuff
but they're not getting any views and
your sub-accounts are super low and if I
like iatest I I had to search hard for
it too for the YouTube page like if I
search fly quest or if I search Gigi's
ggs or whatever it's it's just LCS games
from all eSports becasue that's views
that's what
traffic on YouTube but I mean that's not
okay that's not their fault it's not
like fly Questor our golden Guardians
can be like whenever you YouTube this I
mean they have to start basically fresh
and start building all these channels
which requires you know over time
getting the subs and all that stuff but
you're right in that like one thing that
I've noticed and I have my friends over
there but the golden Guardians most of
their content so far on their YouTube
page is they had a really cool one which
was when they went to go hang out with
colon State Warriors I liked it a lot
but they are most seems like they're
posting a lot of highlights of their
Academy team which i think is not
necessarily going to trend super well so
I agree with that like so can't coach
same vicious how do you save golden
Guardians content channel yeah probably
by actually having the main roster on
there like hold on hold on I don't know
we need same fish it's like this is how
this is how League is always gone gone
like franchising or no franchise it's
like so who's in the playoffs this year
it's like we don't really care about the
last two people alright who's in the top
three this year okay those people will
get some you know branding and people
that will follow their team it's like
okay who's streaming Oh sneaky streaming
you know like oh Dignitas I'm a cutie
pie was streaming with them you know if
you don't have streamers generally like
I feel like most teams build fan bases
through either being like a legacy team
or through having like active streamers
does you know there's a lot of people
that come in and get the traffic with
them through twitch I think that a lot
of those like youtube series and stuff
like that was like oh you know here's
fly quest you know like here's so-and-so
like making lunch like people don't
really I feel like people don't really
give a crap about that because it's not
really engaging the person I'm not
engaging it's not really I feel like
it's not showing the true personality of
those people and usually when people are
being filmed in that way people don't
really want to be filmed and they're not
gonna have fun with it that makes sense
so like let's say they're like back in
the day like
curses making content you know state
would like force us to to like pretty
much new content or whatever I'm like ah
fucking Steve you know but like
basically he would just pump out so much
freakin content and then like everybody
on the team was also streaming that you
know eventually you are gonna catch
people in their real personality and you
know you're actually gonna get to see
people and how they are so I feel like
you just have to like saturate the
market with a bunch of fucking content
and like you need streamers and that's
how you build up a good team that gets a
lot of viewership like you imagine c9
like a they weren't like a top team and
they didn't have sneaky Herbie did
enough sneaky like streaming like who
and who would actually like really root
for that team like even if they were
winning like if you look at immortals
last year people didn't really feel like
oh yeah mortals I love these people
they're the Bears like oh they're
winning cool you know like didn't really
love the brand or the players on it just
because there's no like way to relate
with the players or to like see how they
are as a personality alright so is that
then why you think hundred thieves blew
up so much as they did because they're
now the second largest as far as Asia
abused just cuz nadeshot nadeshot
infusing them with all the yeah nature
is definitely the nitro juice that like
I was I was talking to mr. my full
disclosure my roommate runs content for
100 thieves on the video side and he
does the heist and he was just talking
about how the difference in how easy it
is for them to get like the viewership
and subs for their channel verse when he
used to work with one up for Team Liquid
and he's like he said he felt like
guilty cuz he's like creating content
he's proud of it but it's like hard for
him to gauge against the Team Liquid
stuff because of just a nadeshot juice
you know like he can just send so many
people to the 100 thieves YouTube
channel so it's yeah it's definitely a
very different thing but I do think I do
think hundred thieves is producing
really good content I don't understand
that because I live with the guy the
heist is a good show and they took a lot
of white what you know made team liquid
content good I think if higher thieves
was producing like mediocre content it
wouldn't be really good for for that you
know the organization people wouldn't be
as maybe as invested like the Napali
episode
I mean I like probably a lot but
probably episode with his brother I
didn't even know that his brother was
helping run that team until I saw the
video and I saw it's kind of cool so the
Saints point like if you didn't have
nadeshot pimping that shit out doesn't
matter how good the content is like
they're a middling team right now with
no one streaming so like who's gonna
watch that
conversely like lmq if you remember lmq
lmq started showing good results and
then they became like this big for the
amount of time they were in the LCS they
had a lot of popularity because you had
like Vasili streaming you had the house
to really did with me were the cats
running out of the house and all the
footage of that and I've got Lomo cat
like they they even as a team that did
not speak English as the dominant
language they gained a lot of fans to
just like the kind of crazy content that
they they were able to put out but also
they were winning so it's just kind of a
formula of both yeah see it's like I
look at all these channels cuz I mean I
don't want to compare anyone TSM cuz TSM
is just their content anyone will watch
it tsso TSM fanboys are i watch it and I
don't even like to use and how much this
season but it's like um I look at what
like team optic is producing now for
their league of Legends and it's not
gonna get many plays much refused
obviously as its usual as a usual team
out to contact is not the same thing and
like I look at even like the CLG and the
team liquid content and they're just
they're just not getting the viewers
that the others are the other teams are
getting and like yeah I'm not even
talking about clutch gaming because
there didn't have a YouTube channel and
that is that amuses me to no end so
sorry what are you saying you're saying
clutch or sorry you're saying I think
should have more viewers well yes I'm
just saying that for a lot of these
channels the viewers are like despite
how they may be winning right for
instance like echo fox is winning a lot
in cloud 9 is winning a lot like cloud 9
and 7 minutes isn't going to get as much
viewer interaction or anyone like
watching that at rooting for them
next week as much as a TSM legends or a
I mean there are different things so you
need to look at the viewership that all
those seven minutes and cloud nine cloud
nine videos are doing it's pretty
significant if you add it all up I
believe as opposed to is like one big
thing that gets released every week and
they're also able to produce those
videos with there are other teams as
well I think they did one with their
academy team that I saw and EKKO Feist
you can't really reference because again
they're not they're not making an effort
on YouTube and then sort of along those
same lines like melk aureus and twitch
chat right now said you guys are way
over blowing how much the league scene
cares about in H Hut I don't think we're
talking about the league scene I think
that one of the reasons why I'm happy
hundred theses in the scene is I think a
lot of non league fans are watching the
heist and the league content because
nadeshot is in it and I can speak from
doing the interview with nadeshot at the
start of the year it was very easy for
me to tell a lot of the people that
watch that content and that interview
was was we're not League fans so I think
that's kind of what's going on there so
stalker thank you so much for calling in
I always love talking about content and
fan building and I think you're right I
would like to see even even in a world
where you have flight quest isn't doing
the best and golden Guardians aren't
doing the best I'd love to see more
content out of them and I think he
doesn't have a channel it's kind of
important I want to get started on that
I mean the funniest thing about fly
Quest is that they didn't do much last
year as an organization then this year
were four weeks in they made a big deal
about how they were like like they
released this video this hype video that
I might be down now I don't know with
like weird wildturtle light going across
his face and they're like yeah we're
gonna do we're gonna create the content
that the fans want they will tell us
what content they want according to the
fans they want hundred hour 5-hour
energy sponsored videos of players doing
random shit on their YouTube channel
because that's the only thing they seem
to be producing so far Travis that
content is so boring that you talking
about is putting me to sleep
thanks talker for calling him
okay we're moving on we got three more
callers we're gonna get through this
really quickly because the show's
starting to wrap up Oh bleep own Kenobi
donated five hundred bits says to help
Travis by Starbucks by other interviews
for us to enjoy thank you very much hope
everyone enjoyed the Boni interview from
this past week where we go and get
Starbucks and that's it for donations we
got your angel your angle with your
spelled incorrectly and I assume angel
spelled incorrectly very savvy your
angle your angle where you come from
calling from Philadelphia Pennsylvania
Philly calling from Philly this is how
we do in Philly all right what do you
want to talk about all right so I wanted
to talk about franchising effect on
grassroots content creators uh you know
creators like Travis Kelce ALS Thorin I
feel like in the future
you guys might get choked out by larger
labels with like you know a lot of
capital behind them the best way I can
explain it is like kind of a metaphor to
ESPN and how they sort of had like a
stranglehold on all of sports
broadcasting I guess an example in like
today's like league scene is blitz
eSports they have like you know teams of
analysts you know like paid actors like
they have extremely high production
value in terms of likely content they
have access to like whoever they want
pretty much I feel like new viewers
brought on maybe funneled into a you
know these you know really high-quality
creators and I feel like a lot of the
audience who's watching you know the
older I guess the old guard of content
creators you know it's mostly older
players older viewers who have been
watching the scene for like quite a
while now so I mean I just feel like
freelance content creators might be
driven into obsolescence you know
looking into the future of professional
you know wait who are the paid actors
that blitz eSports is employing I don't
think these actual paid actors but like
chakras and like okay they get people
off their main channels to contribute
like I've been on ESPN yeah videos all
right so round let me handle this really
quickly
your angle so I appreciate the concern
for grassroots content creators and it
your you're right and that this is
something that I was really concerned
about so like when I was at King spot I
was at you know a major media company
and yet I knew that ESPN was coming in
within the next couple of months and I
was really really nervous about all the
crazy shit
ESPN could pull off everything about to
say I say with the utmost respect for my
colleagues at ESPN and at blitz I think
they all do amazing work but I have not
so far been intimidated or or really
like overwhelmed by the stuff that blitz
or ESPN do I feel like they do stuff
that we did at Yahoo and that grassroots
content creators can do for reference
like might now blitz is an operation
that has that covers both overwatch csgo
and League but this past 30 days I've
gotten significantly more traffic
released significantly more videos and
gained significantly more subs and blitz
going out blitz but it just means that
like they are an organization that has a
bigger team than me and you know I'm
still able to operate the stuff ESPN for
whatever reason does not put any of
their videos on YouTube we were just
talking about this in the last call like
this is an audience that has like wants
to consume on YouTube and so that's like
a huge issue that they can't handle and
there's an audience also that isn't
overwhelmed or wowed by production
values like people are watching this
shitty show no but from a production
value standpoint it is terrible go back
and look at the intro I accidentally
pulled up the threes panel thing like
saint has his cat climbing over his
chair like this mark mark is turning
around and trying to fiddle with the
lights like this is not a highly well
produced show it's doing better than a
lot of the content that I produced at
Yahoo in a giant like multi-million
dollar studio those gonna say is like
fundamentally the eSports fan enjoys
grassroots and stupid like I'll show you
one of the biggest advantages we have I
can do this I can stand up on my chair
in my PJs
and no one cares verses like if I try to
do anything like that with a big company
they lose their minds and it's just so
much easier and more relatable to so
what I do think would be worrisome and
here's a couple examples I have often I
don't know if I've ever said this
publicly I've pushed back on lolly
sports at times because Lolly's like for
instance back in season three I want to
say yeah the first season of LCS around
worlds they just started doing postgame
interviews and like posting them to
their YouTube channel and I was like why
do we need postgame interviews like
there's or like for lolly sports like
they're not being additive to the scene
and this was something I went to right
and I'm like you guys should focus on
doing the things that like grassroots
content creators can't do you guys don't
need more postgame interviews on on the
site so those are the types of things
where yeah I've been like this is kind
of weird if Riot and ESPN Inc like an
exclusive deal and all the ESPN content
was getting published there and showing
up on the lolly sport teacher Channel
that's the kind of stuff that yes I
would be worried about as a grassroots
content creator is like how do I compete
especially if like riot starts giving
people exclusive access et cetera I mean
one of the one of the weird things that
has happened recently is that at finals
for na LCS content creators and
journalists do not get interviews with
the teams that are in the finals we get
a press conference where is the like
sponsors the L Co sponsors have flown
streamers to do interviews with like the
teams that are competing in finals and
so seeing like Yasuo who is a streamer
all due respect like probably not the
interviewer that you want to have
interviewing like TSM right before
they're gonna go up in their finals
match like that's weird to me but all
this being said like I'm still not
worried because I think one of two
things will happen in those situations
either grassroots content creators will
continue to be able to compete with
these guys or grassroots content
creators will all get hired and sucked
up if you're saying that you know like
the scene like the audience really
appreciates like these you know
grassroots
creators I mean would you take like the
paycheck to join one of the old I mean
they did GameSpot join Yahoo right and I
did like really cool stuff there but now
I get to go back and do the grassroots
stuff it's just a different role if the
grassroots creators get choked out it's
for the single reason that the content
that these big people bring is now
better than ours
that's and at that point like what am i
complaining about tip my cap you're
better than me now they're like better
than a twitch show with me in both
hustle in our bedroom I also like as
humble as I can say this endless as I
said publicly before that like I want to
stay independent and I want to stay
grassroots I like there are other media
there are other opportunities for me in
the space like I could in the past
couple of months have taken a full-time
job at a media company so I'm not like
I'm not worried about it I've seen all
the people that were I got who they
either stay grassroots if they want to
or they go out and get a job somewhere
so it's not I'm not too worried about
these guys that's good I want to see you
thrive Travis thank you thank you well
this is still a grand experiment but
sponsors like Owen and subscribers like
you guys helped make this happen we got
to go to the next call but thank you so
much your angle yeah have a good night
thanks I got two more calls and then
we'll be good to go
iron star 15 15 is on the show where you
calling from iron star Houston Texas
Houston Texas so many Texas folks on the
show tonight what do you want to talk
about all right so basically I've been
watching League since like season 3
right and I see a lot of these same
players that are like pretty garbage in
my opinion that are always on last place
teams and even coaches right we I want
to do players and coaches separately who
keep getting replaced in like the the
league community seems as one that's not
very open to getting giving people
chances to
you showed them their skill like example
like Matt I think Matt is oh yeah I
don't want to like burn anyone but I
don't think he's that great of a player
but yeah he's still in the league right
and you go he got solo you got Zig you
got lemonnation like all these players
and I feel like I mean it correct me if
I'm wrong are not very good players but
they keep getting put on a team after
team after team recycled right like why
not and and then we want to call out
motivational issues right we're oh you
want to be like oh people are getting
burnt out well we can go to solo queue
and yeah of course you know a lot of
people can say oh yes all the players
are shit and it's just so low-key or
whatever but why not at least give some
of these players a shot I'm sure there's
lots of hungry players that wants to
show what they have on at least an
academy or LCS or like even in the in
the offseason you know like I don't know
if they do or if they do not give some
of these players a shot alright well
know what y'all think about that so the
question mark and saint is why do we
keep I'm joking why do we keep shooters
like Matt and Apollo around when there
are so low key superstars like Tyler won
just waiting to come come into the LCS
you're taking my question but the real
version saying like we have seen players
that don't seem to prove themself year
over here why not try to find new talent
their placements are even worse and then
like people tried it last year
like people tried to bring it okay I'll
give a good example and this is somebody
talked about before is like let's say
stunt topless right people tried on
multiple different teams last year he
was top of the ladder that entire time
you know like looks very promising but
you put a player like that in like a
high-stress environment or like a lot of
pressures on them and they you have to
the amount of knowledge you have to know
in a professional game it compared to
like a solo queue game is insane it's
like or even compared to like an academy
game it's just you're not even playing
the same game anymore so it's not like
people don't try like black West even
brought in one of their sub players you
know this this weekend and people like
oh fly West you idiots like what you
lost the game because of that
it people do try it but the thing is is
their replacements are like far worse
Lee Lee is a game that you can't just
translate so look you knowledge or
Academy knowledge into like a
competitive environment just because
it's just not the the pacing of the game
is not the same like the way a game
plays are made are not the same like
your responsibilities are not the same
make your champion pulls and like your
counter matchups and all that things are
not the same and it's just it's just a
far different game and it takes a long
time to get used to that kind of like
Mike Young is like probably one of the
most successful people that have been
brought in you know straight out of
soloqueue environment you can see now
that like he struggle in like a
last-place team even though he did
pretty good and even in like TSM plenty
all this responsibility is getting put
on in on him it's he's like really
struggling with it and you're starting
to learn but it's like he was like some
of the best players in the world around
him and you know quote-unquote the best
staff and all that kind of stuff and
like that that's like what's pushing him
forward and even still like TSM is
struggling like that so that's why
people don't give them time what
follow-up questions would be now like a
lot of that made a lot of sense in the
relegation system where it's like well I
think maybe there is someone we can try
and improve on but they're just worse
right now we can't risk it do you think
do you do you want and do you expect
teams to start using substitutions more
aggressively like all right you know we
know what you are quantity and we're
already losing anyway so let's just like
get information you you see people using
subs more thing
I hope so right if you don't like what
does n/a expect to improve the region
we're just gonna keep importing until
the whole region is nothing but imports
like we're never gonna get better if we
keep using the same talent over and over
and over and over again like it doesn't
make any sense
and I on the squash side real quick I
was actually I was sitting there
watching screens with Steve you know
from Team Liquid last year and he's like
man why are you like so much better than
na and I awesome I was surprised like a
team owner and he didn't understand it
as like wait Steve you've been in this
as long as me but you can just look at
it's the numbers they're just they're
like the soloqueue population and Korean
server is three to four times
or more players than in a population and
they all almost all day I'd say like 90%
of them are playing on like 5 to 15 pain
so you have 3 to 4 times the population
of players and you have like a much
better environment to play where
everybody is like trying really really
hard yeah is that's why people in poor
people in an a it's just because there's
not enough people play in an a like I go
into my silica I'm a challenger player
right now and I like I troll like every
single I don't even like I don't even
like try hard in the game and like I'm
challenger like that is part of this are
all the same
well that's what I'm saying is cuz like
a symptom of the problem I'm a symptom
you know okay but for example right
licorice she was in
I mean licorice he's not the best player
he's not a horrible player right he was
in the Academy scene for a while and he
seems to be proving himself pretty
decently although he's still playing
with people that are pretty good
pictures 18 like yes he's been in the
scene for a little bit but it's not like
he's been in LCS level right and he's
it's translated pretty decently you get
what one of those players a year I think
I think every year you get like maybe
one maybe two of those players a year
like last year is Mike Young like who
else came out of the woodwork with them
bio frost four year before yeah by a
possible okay and that just goes along
with like what I'm trying to say is that
they're just not enough player pool how
many how many standout players come like
that you see pop off in lck random a
live like and this is the new jungler
the Dove soap bar like they have some
weird name or some shit and there's like
he's that guy is good on a leap like you
know not as many players man the point
that he's making is like for every daar
doc that we have there's two in Europe
or in Korea okay there's two bio Frost's
and there's two this so then like a
course we grab somebody dude like yeah
who the fuck is Zhu Zhu key for every
job soap bar in North America there's
two in Korea alright so before we take
this a little bit too long I want to get
on the separate topic well actually
unfortunately we have to get to long I'm
sorry iron star we'll talk about the
other topic in a future call appreciate
it sorry thanks for coming on the show
we've got one last person and calling us
here con you put on the show here before
right yes a few times sounds welcome
back you are your sub thank you very
much for subbing subs are actually just
better human beings uh what do you want
to talk about calm well I want to talk
about with EU gonna be franchising this
year and na doing it last year I think
this is the perfect opportunity to kind
of combine both regions into their own
conference and just make one LCS and
instead of having two splits just have
one long split throughout the year and
instead of having rift rivals have kind
of cop cross conference matches where
five teams from EU come than a five
teams from na go to EU you play those
games at the end of the year end of the
season you have an LCS championship game
well we've got 30 seconds to answer all
this stuff so let's get mark what it
should all that happen I'm just kidding
thirty second week but we should move
quickly it was a very kind of subject no
I think like the biggest concern well I
was interested action two different
locations and then have cross probably
like an East Coast West Coast kind of
big only like one church like twice a
year to half across play but haven't
been like a you conference in an in a
conference but like also create like an
LCS championship so fundamentally not
too much different you just combine
their names and then you make them play
playoffs together hypothetically yeah
but you could have players from both go
to other side like once well then you
have like a shared player pool it's a
little different right the player pool
is not shared you still have a multitude
of servers yeah I just mean like within
the league
you can move na and EU players across
the league across the teams I don't know
Sam what do you think I don't know I
just
you basically just you want more
international players what I'm hearing
right yeah and also it just feels like
riot already tries to make the EU LCS in
the NA LCS into one broadcasted league
since every decision they make like they
routine
we make because of the other region I
just you know when we get more
international play you can get a new
kind of good event and like everything
else kind of stays the same you can just
kind of mold up together
I think the broadcast stuff is more
because how time zones work like I think
you like if Korea's time zone was close
to the North America I'm sure they would
spend more time making sure that they
don't broadcast at the same time I mean
it's an interesting idea in a world
where Europe continues to drop
viewership or people continue to feel
like Europe is is sliding backwards this
the idea of like folding in Europe in
some way I mean and he's not doing that
hot itself na is doing amazing con don't
you fucking should talk on a regionally
anyway the point is that you is is you
know maybe not looking like it has a
bright future so moving it in and being
part of the same system could be an
interesting proposal I I don't know I
like it con despite telling you just now
I think it's an interesting idea I don't
think now is the time to do it but it's
the type of thing where like if you're
riot games and you have you know a
flowchart of like all right if you know
if you continues to have some issues
what are like the three ideas that we
have to handle it or if we continue to
see you know players moving between the
leagues or we want to encourage
investment or whatever into Europe how
can we help this you know I don't know
it would be it'd be an interesting idea
and I think it's something that they
could have on the board the unfortunate
situation is it's something I would like
like if kelby we should talk about this
on a kalbi episode because I think he'd
find this far more interesting then
maybe mark and st. and we also kind of
running low on time but the great news
is is you've got a European question on
the show so to say basically like you
say he's like one more international
play like I've always I've always hated
the LCS and I thought it was like super
uninteresting and I think that the
circuit based system sort of like
counter-strike was has always been like
a far more interesting way of you know
like you have multiple tournaments
you know teams throughout the world
like every major that happens you're
like damn it's the major like all these
teams are like going head to head and
they happens multiple times a year I
just feel like having a season doesn't
really it's not interesting or at least
for somebody like me and maybe some
people like to have that structured
thing where's like every Sunday we can
watch you know golden Guardians fight
off against optic like that just I've
never been interested in that type of
stuff
I just always am more interested in
circuit play like highest level of play
international and having you know we
talked about burnout like earlier in the
episode it gives teens like more time to
have like that off the off mode where
they can like come on and like light
that fire there that's like right before
the tournament so you get to see like
better and higher level play like
strategies that like you haven't seen
before and oh you're gonna be hitting
strategies like another region or team
like came out with and I think it just
like so it makes a lot more interesting
place I just I've always been against
the LCS in that regard so I kind of go
with what you're saying but in a
different angle no I agree with you I
would one of the biggest mistakes I
think people have with the league as
they compared to like basketball or
football I think the best comparison the
league to actual sport would be like
tennis something that has set something
that is circuit based something that as
majors and minors doesn't have an actual
season to it yeah I've heard a lot of
people compare the the system to tennis
but I would I would point that
basketball those types of sports are far
more popular and I'll probably far more
revenue-generating there's a reason why
North America uses or US sports is
structured in the league systems and I
think it's mostly for business reasons
right oh yeah so I think that's part of
it it's just like that consistent every
weekend you can tune in for these days
and these hours and watch this you can
sell sponsorship around it rather than
just for major events you're selling it
into a multi month long league like it
there's a lot of business reasons to do
it so again kind of a broader
conversation than what we could really
talk about on this episode as we're
wrapping up but it's it's a fair point
and thank you Khan for coming up you
guys all have a good night yeah have a
good one and you
- man I I hold no ill will with you for
sure talking any alright so that's a
show let me really quickly give a shout
out to a couple people beat smart subbed
on strep sub for five dollars asks if we
can do an earlier show sometime for
Europe maybe maybe we'll talk about five
dollars donated by scatman 86 he's happy
that there's finally an alpha male on
the show and then killing you guys
donate ten dollars because he wants to
know Saints thoughts on Warwick so 10
seconds Saint Warwick I think people
probably I purchase I think he's better
than Jax I don't know I do play Jack
something else yes and I think that
people run after shock instead of purse
it impressed the attack on where I come
pretty sure you'll see him in the LCS
he's probably gonna be like the next
pickup champion once people learn how to
play them there's it all right well
thanks will do a couple shoutouts here
mark anything you want to talk about is
where we're wrapping up anything you
want to plug you're doing a bunch of
stuff there was a new offline video it
came out today that I watch oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah we really see no TV video
it's a Q&A video so it was actually
pretty good Q&A videos I find kind of
boring but the way you guys filmed it
was fun yeah we tried to make sure
everyone was like interacting and doing
stuff beyond just answering the question
so I think it was it was a fun video
check out that stuff if you haven't
watched offline TV yet I'll be doing the
blame game and shooting and filming that
probably tomorrow to release all my
Valentine's Day or something doing other
stuff I'm super behind on emails and I
think I owe people money for taxes Oh
find out work shout outs our offline
video blame game there's some evils that
need to go back to it I owe the IRS
money so if the IRS is watching marks
works you know you're on you're on the
list he's got he's got you in the list
of things he's got to get done yeah it's
definitely coming and coming on yeah say
anything you want to say here at the end
watch my screen oh I already know what
my spirits a vicious I think that's it
Oh mass-market insane really know how to
promote content you know I've got a
stream you can google it that's how I
usually buy my I don't know if you turn
off fast enough Travis can host you oh
boy
you can get that great I mostly stream
girls or I mostly host see girls I don't
have boobs they're badging and that's
how we're going on the show thanks
everyone for watching thanks st. for
being on I will put the link back into
to chat for those that want to partake
in the Ohman giveaway that we're running
it's only a couple days left I've got a
bunch of stuff up on my youtube channel
I did a great interview with or at least
I think it was pretty good
with Bonnie who's doubles girlfriend we
must see roast a double lift so it's
pretty fun for every that watched it and
yeah thanks everyone for watching this
has been a hot line League